Kaine Paki // kpak339 // 160 537 853 

Unofficial New Zealand COVID-19 Dashboard Summary:

The api I used was from https://covid19api.com/. I used all avialable statistics dating back to
Feb 2020. The information I chose to use were: Confirmed cases, Active cases, Recovered cases & Cases resulting in deaths for
both NZ stats and global stats - my main focus was on NZ stats.

On the homepage I displayed the National Alert Level at the top of the screen, at the time of creating this we were in level 2
(Couldn't find an API for this). I then displayed the most recent updated overall stats for NZ, showing the change over the past 24 hours as well.
I used little icons for the reader/viewer to better understand the data & included the date of the update.

The next section below shows the today's statistics. This is the change in data in the past 24 hours, so 
todays totals minus yesterdays totals. This is important so that I could portray today's new cases, recoveries,
deaths etc as well as the overall totals above.

Below this section I displayed a line graph of the most recent 30 days data for all catagories, as well as 
an overall graph for each catagory. These graphs are all scalable with the browser & are created in svg format using
percentages of my divs. I was going to incorperate these graphs in one div and use buttons to select what stats you wished
to view, however, I believe that most people looking at this will want to know all the stats, so I chose to have them
readily avialable simultaneously.

The section logical section 'NZ Daily Timeline' is simply a more detailed breakdown of each day from the most
recent date to the first recorded date. I was thinking about implementing a search bar to search the dates too.

I also included a 'Global Stats' section displaying the most recent statistics available with this particular api.
I didn't spend much time on this as our focus is on NZ and simply included it for completeness.

Overall my design is easy to use and doesn't feel very sterile with my choice of colours and use of the given
covid SVG.